The numbness is so severe.
These needles...
I may have escaped the water pot...
but I'm not...
K-Kotetsu...
HYOTTOKO
My strength...
is sapped.
There's nothing...
I can...
I know you can do it, Muichiro.
Now, on your feet!
Father...
EPISODE 8:
THE MU IN MUICHIRO
That's right.
My father was a woodcutter.
And as his son...
I would help him cut down trees.
I...
liked helping my father work.
Mother, are you all right?
Father's out getting you herbs
right now, so...
Mother!
She's burning up.
Here, take my blanket.
How's that, Mother?
I'm cold.
Father will be back soon, all right?
That day...
I lost both my mother and father...
people dear to me, at once.
My parents died when I was ten.
I found myself alone at ten.
Muichiro?
No, that's not right.
I was 11 when I found myself alone.
I...
I had a twin.
My brother's name was Yuichiro.
Compassion does no good for anyone.
Doing something for others
won't get you anywhere.
You're wrong.
Whatever you do for others...
comes around to help you,
as well, in the end.
That's what Father said.
You can't trust the word of a man
who died trying to help someone else.
Why would you say that?
It was for Mother's sake—
As if some herbs
would've healed her in that state.
It's beyond stupid.
That's an awful thing to say, Brother!
If he hadn't gone out in the middle of a storm,
we would've only lost Mother.
Don't say things like that!
That's going too far!
I'm only telling you how it is.
Don't yell. It's too noisy.
You might attract some boars.
The "mu" in Muichiro
stands for "incompetence."
This conversation is meaningless.
You can't change the past.
The "mu" in Muichiro
stands for "meaningless."
My brother always spoke harshly.
I have a feeling that, in a way...
I was like him when I had amnesia.
My life with my brother...
was stifling.
I was sure that he despised me...
and I thought he was a cold person.
The seasons changed...
and it was spring.
I'm going to go fetch some water, okay?
You still haven't gotten around to it?
She was so beautiful...
that at first...
I thought she was a white birch spirit.
DEMON SLAYER: KIMETSU NO YAIBA
SWORDSMITH VILLAGE ARC
This person was...
Master's wife...
and she'd traveled...
this far up the mountain to visit us.
But...
in the end...
my brother just spewed his usual insults
and drove Lady Amane away.
Can you believe it? She says
we're descended from swordsmen!
Descendants of an amazing swordsman who used
something called "First Breathing" no less!
What do I care?
Wash the rice already.
Listen! Let's become swordsmen!
I can't believe that demons
actually exist in this world...
but if we can do something to help...
Listen!
Let's save the people who are suffering
because of those demons!
I bet you and I can—
What the hell do you think you can do?
Someone who can't even cook rice
on his own, become a swordsman?
Save others?
Give me a break, will you?
Seriously, you're exactly
like Father and Mother, aren't you?
You're too optimistic!
How does your mind even work?
Just like Mother, who worked without telling us
she was unwell until she collapsed!
Just like Father, who went out
in a storm to find herbs!
After all...
After all I did to try to stop him!
After I begged Mother to rest
over and over!
You know who can help others?
Only the chosen ones!
Our ancestors may have been swordsmen,
but what can kids like us do?
Want me to tell you?
What it is we can do?
This is what you and I can do...
Die like dogs and die in vain!
Because we're Father
and Mother's children!
We're only going to be used
by that woman!
There's no way
she's not plotting something!
We're never gonna talk
about this again! Got that?
Now hurry up and get dinner ready!
After that...
we stopped speaking to each other.
Except for the one time we fought...
when my brother hurled water
at Lady Amane...
who continued to visit us.
Then, summer came.
It was hot that summer...
and my brother and I
were always irritable.
It was hot even at night,
and the cicadas were singing.
Oh, hell...
Just a couple of brats?
Well, whatever.
Muichiro!
- Ow! Ow!
- Brother! Brother!
Shut up! Shut up!
Not a sound.
A couple of poor woodcutters like you...
You're totally useless anyway.
Since it doesn't matter
whether you exist or not...
your lives are that worthless!
At that moment...
all I could see was red.
It was a violent rage I'd never before felt...
that seemed to be boiling over
from the pit of my stomach.
I really don't remember
what happened next.
A monstrous roar... I couldn't believe...
that it was coming from my own throat,
from my own mouth.
The next thing I knew...
the demon was on the brink of death.
But apparently, it couldn't die
even with its head smashed in...
so it was suffering.
Soon after, the sun came up...
and the demon turned to dust
and vanished.
But I truly couldn't care less about that.
All I wanted was to go to Yuichiro...
but suddenly,
my body was as heavy as lead.
It took me what felt like ages
just to reach the house right in front of me.
Please... I beg of you...
Brother...
Are you alive? Brother!
Dear God... Buddha...
Please...
just save my brother.
My brother... is not like me.
He's a kindhearted kid.
He says he wants to help others...
but I got in his way.
I'm...
the only one...
to blame.
If you're going to punish anyone...
then...
let it be only me.
I've always known.
The truth is...
the "mu" in Muichiro...
...stands for...
"infinity."
Mist Breathing...
Fourth Form...
Shifting Flow Slash!
Kotetsu!
Mr. Tokito...
Don't worry about me.
Save...
Mr. Haganezuka!
Protect...
the swords!
Right.
Damn him! Damn him!
This man!
This human!
He still won't stop honing
after all I've done to him!
UPPER FIVE
Even when I destroyed his eye,
he kept honing without so much as crying out!
UPPER FIVE
I know!
If I tell him I'm going to kill that one...
He escaped the Water Prison Pot!
How on earth?
I have no idea!
I thought his death was imminent,
so my mind wasn't on him at all!
No, wait a second.
On the other hand,
that shows how focused I was!
FIVE
On the other hand,
that shows how focused I was!
FIVE
Yes!
Hmm?
Hold on, hold on, hold on!
What is that mark?
According to the information
Lord Muzan gave me,
that child with the earrings
also has a similar mark!
No! Never mind that!
How can you stand there
looking so nonchalant?
My attack should've paralyzed your body!
How were you able to summon
even greater speed to wound me?
Octopus Vase Hell!
Lord Tokito!
Hyo, hyo!
How do you like how springy
this octopus flesh is?
Surely you can't slash this!
Still honing that sword!
Is he a fool?
He's not in his right mind.
But that's sublime in its own way!
That swordsmith can wait!
First, the Hashira!
I wasn't really trying earlier!
This time, I'm going to crush him
for sure, then absorb him!
Hyo?
You made...
this sword for me.
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
Thank you...
Mr. Kanamori.
N-No!
All I did was...
follow the instructions
of your first swordsmith!
That's right.
It was Mr. Tetsuido
who forged my first sword for me.
He passed away from heart disease.
No matter how many times you replace
your sword, it won't change a thing!
Ah...
It fits like a glove.
I worry about you, boy.
Who will ever understand
what you're going through?
How you have no time for anything else?
How you're barely getting by
and have no breathing room?
How anxious you are
because you can't remember anything?
And how you strive so hard
that you vomit blood?
Who will ever understand all that?
Whenever I see the swords you've used,
it brings tears to my eyes.
I won't be around much longer.
Not that I want to cling to life at my age...
but I just can't stop worrying about you.
Mr. Tetsuido...
I'm sorry.
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
I know I made you worry.
DESTROYER
OF DEMONS
I know I made you worry.
But I'm...
all right now!
Mist Breathing...
Fifth Form...
Sea of Clouds and Haze!
Well, that was some rapid-fire chopping,
but you don't seem to be able
to keep up with my vase's speed!
Are you sure about that?
What?
It looks like your senses
have totally dulled.
It's because you've lived
for hundreds of years.
I'm going to slash you next time.
I have better things to do
than playing your stupid vase game all day.
Don't underestimate me, you brat!
DESTROY
Muichiro...
Sorry I couldn't be more gentle with you.
I could just never...
afford to be that way.
Being kind to others...
is one more thing
that only the chosen ones can do.
But...
Muichiro...
no matter how virtuous
a life you may lead,
neither the gods nor Buddha
will protect you in the end.
That's why I thought
I had to protect you.
Muichiro...
You're not like me.
For the sake of someone
other than yourself...
you can exert infinite strength.
You're one of the chosen ones!
PART 8
Ms. Kanroji, Happy Birthday!
Let's start with your friends
from the village!
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
Let's start with your friends
from the village!
HAPPY
BIRTHDAY,
MITSURI
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
Let's start with your friends
from the village!
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
HAPPY
BIRTHDAY,
MITSURI
Our gift is this
all-you-can-eat spread!
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
HAPPY
BIRTHDAY,
MITSURI
Oh!
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
HAPPY
BIRTHDAY,
MITSURI
All-you-can-eat means I can have
as many helpings as I want, right?
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
HAPPY
BIRTHDAY,
MITSURI
Huh? You're going to have
seconds of all this?
ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!
FROM YOUR
FRIENDS FROM
THE VILLAGE
HAPPY
BIRTHDAY,
MITSURI
- Of course!
- Omigosh omigosh omigosh!
WE SHOULDN'T HAVE SAID
"ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT"...
- Of course!
- Omigosh omigosh omigosh!
Now, it's time for a Taisho-era secret!
Nowadays, Ms. Kanroji's favorite foods
are pork cutlets and omurice.
Both modern and fashionable
Western-style foods!
So...
CONGRATS MS. KANROJI
that's what Nezuko and I
are giving her for her birthday!
CONGRATS MS. KANROJI
Oh! Thank you!
Can I eat them now?
Be our guest!
Next, Episode 9,
"Mist Hashira Muichiro Tokito."
Seconds, please!
Already?
Come on, keep them coming!
TO BE CONTINUED